(Speaker A) Well it's great to finally physically meet you face to face, man. It's an absolute honor and uh I love your show so much. I'm a super fan, so this is surreal just to be. I love your show too. So I've been binging. I've been watching so many episodes. Ever since we talked. How did you get so deep down the rabbit hole?

(Speaker B) Like what made you want to dedicate so much time on this this particular UAP, UFO, you know, lost technology subject?

(Speaker C) I was working at uh Peter Thiel's family office in LA and uh part of the job was like kind of traditional venture investing, so like investing in startups. And then part of it was looping in interesting thinkers to the office and we'd like host events and discussions, and I ended up meeting a lot of really interesting people, not just in UFOs or secret technology, like religion and politics and economics and like all sorts of topics.

(Speaker A) Were you there when he brought in the guy oh fuck, what is his name? I know what you're gonna say. Eric von Daniken. Yeah. I suggested that you come because I was like, Joe is gonna be really into this and you weren't that into it. But that's okay. I was into it. I just think that he just makes some leaps. I agree. That are kind of silly. I agree with that.

(Speaker C) Although I think there's a lot of yeah, I think he like crosses the T and dots the I where you d there is no dot or a cross or whatever. But I do think there's some interesting preliminary evidence around people from the stars across disparate cultures and you just had Zahi Hawasan.

(Speaker A) And a lot of this megalithic architecture, you're like, how can it be built? He's just filling in the placeholder kind of artificially, Eric von Danneken. Yes.

(Speaker B) And I think he's also like he made these conclusions the nineteen seventies and he's kinda like sticking with them.

(Speaker A) Yep. I was more back then 'cause like what year was that? That was seventeen? Uh Chariots of the Gods. No, when I was at Peter Thiel's house when Von Dana came to the case. That must have been twenty eighteen, twenty nineteen.

(Speaker B) Okay. Um back then I was much more in line with uh lost civilization, you know, that we had achieved very high levels of technology and sophistication and it there was no aliens, no alien intervention.

(Speaker A) I've kinda shifted now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Now I'm like, maybe the Anunnaki are real. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know.

(Speaker C) Well I remember I feel like you've switched back and forth a couple of times because you brought up you were super into Zachariah Sitchin, right? Yes. And then you brought up Zachariah Sitchin in that meeting and you were like, but there's this site, Sitchin is wrong, written by a guy named Michael Heiser.

(Speaker A) Right. And then you like cited all the Sitchin is wrong stuff or whatever. Yeah. So maybe you've come s full circle. I don't know.

(Speaker B) Well even the Sitchin is wrong stuff, it's like the problem with debunkers is when you're dealing with when you're dealing with in information that's sort of way outside your wheelhouse, especially translation of ancient languages.

(Speaker A) You know, like I had Wes Hoff on and he was explaining to me he's great. But he was explaining to me that he can't even read ancient Sumerian.

(Speaker B) Like he totally and he's like I don't think Sitchin really could read it.
