(Speaker A) Well, it's great to finally physically meet you face-to-face man. 

(Speaker B) It's an absolute honor and I love your show so much I'm a super fan. So this is a real just 

(Speaker A) I love your show too. So I've been binging I've been watching so many episodes ever since we talked. I'm like, I've seen them before but I mean I've been really binging getting ready for the show. 

(Speaker B) I don't know what to say that 

(Speaker A) How did you get so deep down the rabbit hole? Like what made you want to dedicate so much time on this this particular UAP UFO You know lost technology subject. 

(Speaker B) I was working at Peter Thiel's family office in LA and Part of the job was like kind of traditional venture investing so like investing in startups and then part of it was looping in interesting thinkers to the office and we'd like host Events and discussions and I ended up meeting a lot of really interesting people not just in UFOs or secret technology like religion and politics and Economics and like all sorts of topics.

(Speaker A) Were you there when he brought in the guy? Fuck what is his name?

(Speaker B) I know you're gonna say Erich von Daniken 

(Speaker A) Yeah

(Speaker B) I suggested that you come because I like Joe is gonna be really into this and you weren't that into it But that's okay 

(Speaker A) Think that he just makes some leaps. 

(Speaker B) I agree 

(Speaker A) that are kind of silly. 

(Speaker B) I agree with that. Although I think there's a lot Yeah, I think he like crosses the T and dots the I where you there is no dot or cross or whatever But I do think there's some interesting preliminary evidence around people from the stars across disparate cultures And you just had Zahi Hawass on and a lot of this megalithic architecture. You're like, how can it be built? He's just filling in the placeholder kind of artificially Eric von Daniken 

(Speaker A) Yes, and I think he's also like he made these conclusions in the 1970s and he's kind of like sticking with them 

(Speaker B) Yeah, 

(Speaker A) I was more back then cuz like what year was that? That was 17 

(Speaker B) Cherries of the gods. 

(Speaker A) No when I was at Peter Thiel's house 

(Speaker B) That must have been 2018 2019. 

(Speaker A) Okay back then I was much more in line with Lost civilization, you know that we had achieved very high levels of technology and sophistication And there was no aliens no alien intervention. I've kind of shifted now. 

(Speaker B) Yeah. Yeah. Yeah 

(Speaker A) Now I'm like maybe the Anunnaki are real. Yeah. 

(Speaker B) Yeah. Yeah, you know Well, I remember I feel like you've switched back and forth a couple of times because you brought up you were super into Zacharias Itchin, right? 

(Speaker A) Yeah, 

(Speaker B) and then you brought up Zacharias itchin in that meeting and you were like, but there's the site Sitchin is wrong written by a guy named Michael Heiser And then you like cited all the sit in his wrong stuff or whatever. Yeah, so maybe you've comes full circle I don't know 

(Speaker A) even the sit in his wrong stuff. It's like the problem with debunkers is when you're dealing with When you're dealing with information that's sort of way outside your wheelhouse Especially translation of ancient languages, you know, like I had Wes Hoff on and he was explained to me. He's great but he was explaining to me that He can't even read ancient Sumerian like he totally and he's like I don't think Sitchin really could read it. Okay
