(Speaker A) Well, it's great to finally physically meet you face to face, man.

(Speaker B) It's an absolute honor and I love your show so much. I'm a super fan, so this is surreal just to be you.

(Speaker A) I love your show, too, so I've been binging. I've been watching so many episodes. Ever since we talked, I've seen them before, but I mean, I've been really binging, getting ready for the show.

(Speaker B) I don't know what to say, though.

(Speaker A) How did you get so deep down the rabbit hole? Like, what made you want to dedicate so much time on this particular UAP UFO, you know, lost technology subject?

(Speaker B) I was working at Peter Teel's family office in L .A. And part of the job was like kind of traditional venture investing so like investing in startups. And then part of it was looping in interesting thinkers to the office. And we'd like host events and discussions. And I ended up meeting a lot of really interesting people, not just in UFOs or secret technology, like religion and politics and economics and like all sorts of topics.

(Speaker A) Were you there when he brought in the guy?

(Speaker B) Oh, fuck, what is his name? I know what you're going to say, Eric Von Dan again. Yeah, I suggested that you come because I was like, Joe is going to be really into this and you weren't that into it, but that's okay. I wasn't into it. I just think that he just makes some leaps. I agree. Better kind of silly. I agree with that. Although, I think there's a lot of, yeah, I think he crosses the tee and dots the eye where there is no dot or a cross or whatever. But I do think there's some interesting preliminary evidence around people from the stars across disparate cultures and you just had Zahee Hawasson. And a lot of this megalithic architecture, you're like, how can it be built?

(Speaker A) He's just filling in the placeholder kind of artificially, Eric Von Dan again. Yes, and I think he's also like, he made these conclusions in the 1970s and he's kind of like sticking with them. Yep.

(Speaker B) I was more back then because like, what year was that?

(Speaker A) That was 17? Chariots of the gods.

(Speaker B) No, when I was at Peter Teele's house when Von Dan became smaller.

(Speaker A) That must have been 2018, 2019. Okay. Back then, I was much more in line with law civilization, you know, that we had achieved very high levels of technology and sophistication and there was no aliens, no alien intervention. I've kind of shifted now.

(Speaker B) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Now I'm like, maybe the auto knock you're real. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you know. Well, I remember, I feel like you've switched back and forth a couple of times because you brought up, you were super into Zachariah Sichen, right? Yes. And then you brought up Zachariah Sichen in that meeting and you were like, but there's the site. Sichen is wrong written by a guy named Michael Heiser. And then you like sighted all the Sichen is wrong stuff or whatever.

(Speaker A) So maybe you've come full circle, I don't know. Well, even the Sichen is wrong stuff. It's like the problem with debunkers is when you're dealing with, when you're dealing with information that's sort of way outside your wheelhouse, especially translation of ancient languages, you know, like I had Wes Haafon and he was explaining to me, he's great. But he was explaining to me that he can't even read ancient Sumerian.

(Speaker B) Like he's totally, and he's like, I don't think Sichen really could read it. Okay.

